# Time
This was my first attempt at coding an Android app, called Time. I began and ended this as a side project in grade 11 as a stepping stone into Android development. I learned Java, and then Android development, through digesting a series of online tutorials and reading pages upon pages of questions and responses on Stackoverflow. My intention was to develop a simple and functional application and attain experience and knowledge along the way. In hindsight, I could have coded the app in a much more efficient and organized manner. In fact, I believe many of the repetitive methods I created, a prime example of which are the animations, could have been done with only one or two, programmed in a separated class so they could be used in multiple different parts of my app. In addition, image resolutions could have been adjusted for various screen densities, thus reducing memory usage and cutting down on load times. There also exist a few incomplete features and a few bugs in the app that I couldn't find due to the code's complexity. This was however, an excellent learning experience. I've undoubtedly plunged over a hundred hours into this project over many months - first it was to learn Java, then Android development, then I had to design the UI, and finally code and debug. I've transferred this experience into my current (now finished) project: Dot Drop, a casual Android game that will be making its way into the market in the near future! (Update: the game mentioned here is now live on the Play Store: go check it out at https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kevinli.dotdropgame)
